Add RPI Pico in description. (#2995)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: index.rst

.. seo::
    :description: ESPHome Homepage - Reimagining DIY Home Automation. ESPHome is a framework that

>       tries to provide the best possible use experience for using ESP8266, ESP32 and Raspberry Pi Pico microcontrollers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      tries to provide the best possible use experience for using ESP8266, ESP32 and RP2040 microcontrollers
```

      for Home Automation. Just write a simple YAML configuration file and get your own customized firmware.
    :image: logo.svg

.. image:: /images/logo-text.svg

> ESPHome is a system to control your ESP8266/ESP32 and Raspberry Pi Pico by simple yet powerful configuration files and control them remotely through Home Automation systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ESPHome is a system to control your ESP8266/ESP32 and RP2040 by simple yet powerful configuration files and control them remotely through Home Automation systems.
```
